you're 30 seconds late I was about to
send up sir hello tez
what are you doing here I'm up you're
out the prison you remember the day that
I went for cigarettes and didn't come
back you must have noticed I don't smoke
don't sit now they tell me that I paid
my debt to society funny I never got a
check you're not wearing your ring I
sold it I don't have a husband or didn't
you get the papers my last day inside I
told you I'd right Danny
go now before what vanity how you doing
whisky and whisky Danny
Tess you're doing a great job curating
the museum the Vermeer is quite good
simple vibrant although his work
definitely fell off as he got older
remind you of anyway I always confuse
Monet and MANET now which one married
his mistress Monet
right and then Monta had syphilis they
also painted occasionally
I don't make this quick I came here for
you want to get on with my life I want
you with me you're a thief and a liar I
only lied about being a thief I don't do
that anymore
steal lie I'm with someone now who
doesn't have to make that kind of
distinction no he's very clear on both
you know what your problem is I only
have one
you've met too many people like you I'm
with Terry now does he make you laugh
he doesn't make me cry
[Music]